Crafting rework (#202)
Leafwing-Studios/fonts-of-power: rulebook/src/character-options/gear/README.md

The world of *Fonts of Power* is brimming with strange and dangerous magic.
By enchanting their gear, adventurers can capture this magic in their equipment and prepare themselves to venture even deeper next time.

Gear is made by taking a **gear base** and applying **affixes** to it.

> - Each piece of gear has a gear base, and supplies a **base gear point cost**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A gear base is an unmodified item, such as "melee weapon" or "spellcasting focus", which provides base stats and has a **base gear point cost**
```

Modifying gear is done using downtime activities:

- **Enchant:** Add an affix that you know to your gear. You can spend essence crystals to make this process easier.
- **Disenchant:** Salvage a piece of gear to recover some essence crystals.
- **Study:** Learn new affixes by studing a source of knowledge that you have found, be it a trinket of a defeated monster or some time with a skilled artisan.
- **Invent:** Learn new affixes by experimentation, drawing affixes from a deck.

In the following sections, you will find lists of base gear and affixes, and which affixes are known by default.
(TODO: Actually write this in the rulebook. Armor will only have a single base gear available. Arms will have a few bases for martial weapon, spellcasting focus, and ranged (or similar))

### Affix pools

Learnable affixes come in a variety of **pools.**
The two main pool types are the universal learnable pool, which can be learned by anyone at any time, and font-specific pools, which can only be learned by going to the appropriate font (or by finding a source of knowledge that can teach the affix).

There is an additional affix pool, the **unique affix pool.**

> Unique affixes can only be learned by the worldspeaker's discretion, with whatever requirements they desire.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unique affixes can only be learned at the worldspeaker's discretion, with whatever requirements they desire.
```

> This is done to facilitate special key items and quest rewards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are used to allow the creation of special key items and quest rewards.
```

As such, unique affixes have significant restrictions placed on them.
Namely, unique affixes do not provide any general purpose combat benefit and **the unique affix pool contains no affixes by default.**
More details on the unique affix pool can be found in *The Worldspeaker's Guide.*

## Trinkets

Trinkets are non-combat magical items, that can have various effects.
Unlike arms and armor, trinkets do not have a gear point cost.
You can have at most **3 trinkets equipped at once.**

> Trickets can be swapped whenever you rest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Trickets can be swapped whenever you rest, as part of the Attune downtime activity.
```
